fix(overlay-menu): missing nested items property (#982)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/utils/data-management.md

  /**
   * Child items collection.
   * Used for nested data structures.

>    * Override this property in sub-interface type to ensure nested type checking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Override this property in sub interfaces with their own type to ensure nested type checking.
   * For example, `MyCollectionItem extends CollectionItem { items?: MyCollectionItem[]; }`
```
